#### Assignments

The assignment instructions, though detailed in the syllabus, may be enhanced
or supplemented during the course. If you have any questions about an
assignment, you should ask for clarification early. The assignments are due on
the dates noted in the syllabus.The writing can be submitted electronically.   

Late assignments jeopardize both your and my rhythms in the class, so they will
be penalized. I will give you feedback and will happily discuss any work with
you, but grades should be considered final.

#### Attendance

As indicated above, attendance is required. Three absences will be excused
without supplemental documentation, and I encourage you to use these
tactically. Catching up is your responsibility.

Subsequent absence requires formal documentation. Otherwise it begins to harm
your final grade. Though class participation is only part of the final grade,
extreme absenteeism (more than six meetings missed) will put your ability to
pass the course at risk.

Please show up on time to class, as well.

#### Electronics

Our time in class is meant as a sanctuary from the distractions of the rest of
the world. Additionally, our class relies on discussion and engagement, and the
front of a laptop screen is a brilliant shield behind which a student can hide,
even unintentionally. During our meetings, then, there can be no use of
electronic devices. Please also set whatever devices you have but aren’t using
to silent mode.

#### Communication

Communication is vitally important to the pedagogical process, and this course
depends on clear communication in both directions. If you have questions,
comments, or concerns, the best course of action is to come visit me during my
office hours as noted at the top of this document. If your questions, etc., cannot
wait until then, then clearly you can also email me.  I should respond within
48 hours, but please write again if I do not.

This is a new course, meaning that there will be even more unfinished edges
ready to scratch someone than in a typical course. We have a collective goal of
learning, however, so if the unfinished edges get to be overwhelming, I’ll
adjust the parameters of the course appropriately. I’m not out to catch you,
nor is this course a process of grotesque punishment.  Please don’t treat it as
such.

Once more, with feeling: *communication is vitally important to the pedagogical
process*. If you have concerns or worries, please let me know about them sooner
rather than later.

#### Disabilities

If you have a disability, you should register with the Moses Center for
Students with Disabilities (mosescsd@nyu.edu; 726 Broadway, 2nd Floor,
212.998.4980), which can arrange for things like extra time for assignments.
Please inform me *at the beginning of the semester* if you need any special
accommodations regarding the assignments.

#### Academic integrity

Please look at NYU’s [full statement on academic
integrity](http://cas.nyu.edu/page/academicintegrity).  Any instance of
academic dishonesty will result in an F and will be reported to the relevant
dean for disciplinary action. Remember that plagiarism is a matter of fact, not
intention. Know what it is, and don’t do it.

